In the middle of the town you see a large group of about 100 musicians, the size of an orchestra. Standing among them you see 3 robed figures wearing plain blue robes.

You then see a humanoid figure who walks up to a makeshift platform in the middle of them all. He's wearing a gaudy turquoise vest that is open in the front and hangs down below the waste with shiny gold flowering vine designs sewn into the front. He's got gold chains hanging down from a gold sash around the waste and he's wearing tightly fitting black attire underneath with a long hanging open v-neck in the shirt and long pointed black boots. He has short black curly hair very well groomed with several piercings on his face. You also see a ring on almost every finger.

You then see the staves of the robed figures begin to glow as all the lights in the city dim and a light shines on him seemingly out of nowhere. And then you hear his booming voice say, "PEOPLE OF <insert town>, HARD-WORKING MINERS, FARMERS, SOLDIERS. YOU'VE WORKED YOUR HANDS BARE ALL YEAR KEEPING OUR COUNTRY SAFE FROM THE THREAT OF APOSTATES, THREATS FROM THE EAST, THREATS FROM THE NORTH, THREATS FROM BELOW. THIS IS YOUR TIME TO LAY DOWN YOUR PLOWSHARES, WEAPONRY, PICKAXES, AND SEE WHAT IT IS THAT YOU FIGHT FOR. WHAT IT IS THAT MAKES OUR NATION GREAT. JOY, WONDER, ELATION, IMAGINATION…UNRESTRAINED, CHILDLIKE, PURE, AND INSATIABLE. WE DEDICATE THIS EVENING TO YOU. ALL OF YOU WHO GO UNNAMED, UNRECOGNIZED, AND UNAPPRECIATED. TONIGHT YOU ARE WHOEVER AND WHATEVER YOU WANT TO BE. BELIEVE IN A NEW PATH.  A NEW AGE. A NEW START. A REBIRTH. I GIVE YOU, THE DAY OF WONDERS!!!!

At this you hear a blast of triumphant music as all 100 musicians erupt into a triumphant fanfare, the orbs of each blue robed figure's staff starting to strobe in response to the tempo of the music as you see a series leather clad figures appear in the main area of the town seemingly out of nowhere in a flash or yellow and orange each carrying a pair of what looks like short black ropes with glowing circular censers attached to the ends and they begin to spin them very fast around in different angles forming various shapes in the air some of each linger in the air and then disappear. Suddenly, an orange sphere or two seem to fly out from the middle of their swings up in the air and explodes with a loud crack, sending orange sparks slowly down to the ground.

Further up and down each side of the street you see more figures appear wearing top hats and long flowing purple robes. Each of them wearing makeup that appears to be glowing in the dark outlining the eyes, mouth, and with various designs on the face. They begin waving their hands sending illusions of flying creatures with ornate blue wings with blue feathered wing tails hanging behind, the face regal like that of a wolf. Two of these creatures fly quickly with a rush of wind toward the center right above the orchestra, crash into each other and explode into hundreds of much smaller creatures of the same kind. They begin to flit and fly all around the center of the city, flying through peoples bodies, into peoples hands as you hear cheers of laughter.

As they perform you see a group of people coming down the street from both sides, making their way to the center, circling around the center and going up the opposite side of the street like using a roundabout. You see figures wearing matching ceramic masks with black vine-like, swirling designs with sparking red and gold headdresses juggling flaming swords, you see giant humanoid figures 10 ft-12ft tall wearing black top hats and fine black and white two-piece suits, black and white striped pants and white gloves. Each of them are carrying hand-fulls of what look like large marbles lit from the inside. Periodically they toss them up in the air to the left or right and you see them explode in the air with a crack like a small firework as dozens of red roses rain to the ground from the source of each small explosion in the air. You see multiple red and gold clad figures dancing around the giant figures. Each red and gold figure also has large red and gold wings attached to their arms and sparkling red and gold Venecian masks. As they flap their wings or swing them around horizontally as they dance, the wings leave red and yellow tracers in the air as small ethereal butterflies flutter out from each tracer pair.

Behind them, coming from only one side of the street you see a series of female figures hovering a few inches of the ground, creating trails of ice on the ground beneath them as they move. They each are dressed in all white flowing dresses that emit small flakes of snow into the air around them as they dance in the air. They're each wearing tall headdresses made to look like different sized and shaped flakes of snow. Walking in between groups of these figures is a large white wolf about 10ft tall on all fours with long thick fur that itself almost looks like snow but each hair of fur looks sharp like crystals of ice. As it exhales you see cold vapor exhumed from its mouth into the air. Riding on the wolf's back on a metal saddle you see a more prominent female figure with a much larger snowflake headdress than the others. Her hair is also solid white and is tied into many long dreadlocks, some of which are hanging down and some of which are frozen in mid air and connected to one another around her head forming a decorative bouquet of ice which seems to form itself into her headdress. She waves to the crowd on each side and as she waves you see forms start to appear in the air that you soon recognize as Frostveil like what you saw in the caverns near Baraskur as they fluidly begin to hover through the air toward the city center and hover above the orchestra playing below and begin to form a diamond shape with a somewhat abstract design of a snowflake in the middle of it (show image). As the human figures and the wolf approach the city center behind them, woman raises both hands in the air as the wolf rears its had back and exhales a torrent of cold and frost into the air, sending gusts of wind in every direction, blowing the long hair of women around the city center, knocking off hats, and freezing each Frostveil in the air, creating a sparkling and vibrant version of this diamond symbol. The female figures and wolf begin to walk around the perimeter of the city center, making their way up the opposite side of the street. As they do, the symbol begins to turn in the air at an increasing speed, sending a downpour of snow from it onto the orchestra and many nearest the city center.

You see the figure with the turquoise jacket and short black hair standing in the middle vigorously conducting the orchestra. Covered in increasing amounts of snow, you see the golden vine-like threads of his vest begin to glow and pulse in response to the tempo music.

The music builds as you hear a loud crack and fizz in the air and see fireworks beginning to fire with cannon-like concussion from the ship above you of all different colors, some of which form large shapes in the sky that dissolve into showers of sparks. A large illusion is suddenly cast over the ship like a digital overlay revealing the sun-like symbol of Aerilon as it begins to slowly turn in projector-like fashion on the side of the ship but sending real fire-like wisps off to each side that each sparkle, crack, and then explode along with the fireworks above.

With fireworks above and the spinning symbol below, the music builds to a swell as a series of fireworks explode in rapid succession in the sky and the diamond symbol below begins to rise in the air, sending increasing amounts of snow and wind below. Once the symbol is about 40ft in the air it explodes in time with the largest explosion of fireworks in the sky, sending a final shower of snowflakes mixed with embers raining down onto the crowd as the light on the orchestra, the staves of the blue-robed figures, and the glowing vest of the conductor all go black and all that's left is the roaring cheers of the crowd.